CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!--
2016 October 21
https://github.com/bevry/base
-->

# Before You Post!

## Support

We offer support through our [Official Support Channels](https://bevry.me/support). Do not use GitHub Issues for support, your issue will be closed.


## Contribute

Our [Contributing Guide](https://learn.bevry.me/community/contribute) contains useful tips and suggestions for how to contribute to this project, it's worth the read.


## Development

### Setup

1. Install [Node.js](https://learn.bevry.me/node/install)

1. Fork the project and clone your fork - [guide](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

1. Install local dependencies

  ``` bash
  npm install
  ```


### Developing

1. Compile changes

	``` bash
	npm run our:compile
	```

1. Run tests

	``` bash
	npm test
	```


### Publishing

Follow these steps in order to implement your changes/improvements into your desired project:


#### Preparation

1. Make sure your changes are on their own branch that is branched off from master.
  1. You can do this by: `git checkout master; git checkout -b your-new-branch`
  1. And push the changes up by: `git push origin your-new-branch`

1. Ensure all tests pass:

  ``` bash
  npm test
  ```

  > If possible, add tests for your change, if you don't know how, mention this in your pull request

1. Ensure the project is ready for publishing:

  ```
  npm run our:release:prepare
  ```


#### Pull Request

To send your changes for the project owner to merge in:

1. Submit your pull request
  1. When submitting, if the original project has a `dev` or `integrate` branch, use that as the target branch for your pull request instead of the default `master`
  1. By submitting a pull request you agree for your changes to have the same license as the original plugin


#### Publish

To publish your changes as the project owner:

1. Switch to the master branch:

  ``` bash
  git checkout master
  ```

1. Merge in the changes of the feature branch (if applicable)

1. Increment the version number in the `package.json` file according to the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org) standard, that is:
  1. `x.0.0` MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes (note: DocPad plugins must use v2 as the major version, as v2 corresponds to the current DocPad v6.x releases)
  1. `x.y.0` MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner
  1. `x.y.z` PATCH version when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes

1. Add an entry to the changelog following the format of the previous entries, an example of this is:

  ``` markdown
  ## v6.29.0 2013 April 1
  - Progress on [issue #474](https://github.com/bevry/docpad/issues/474)
  - DocPad will now set permissions based on the process's ability
    - Thanks to [Avi Deitcher](https://github.com/deitch), [Stephan Lough](https://github.com/stephanlough) for [issue #165](https://github.com/bevry/docpad/issues/165)
  - Updated dependencies
  ```


1. Commit the changes with the commit title set to something like `v6.29.0. Bugfix. Improvement.` and commit description set to the changelog entry


1. Ensure the project is ready for publishing:

  ```
  npm run our:release:prepare
  ```

1. Prepare the release and publish it to npm and git:

  ``` bash
  npm run our:release
  ```

	> A prompt will occur asking you for a git tag annotation, enter the changelog entry that we created earlier, save and exit the prompt.

Commit message:

attempt at fixing failed travis tests
- use taskgroup instead of promises as promises don’t work on node 0.12
and earlier it seems
- use `npm run our:setup` to ensure joe exists in the node_modules and
thus can be included by the reporters
- add joe-examples to deps to ensure it can be used by the reporters

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!--
2016 November 4
https://github.com/bevry/base
-->

# Before You Post!

## Support

We offer support through our [Official Support Channels](https://bevry.me/support). Do not use GitHub Issues for support, your issue will be closed.


## Contribute

Our [Contributing Guide](https://learn.bevry.me/community/contribute) contains useful tips and suggestions for how to contribute to this project, it's worth the read.


## Development

### Setup

1. Install [Node.js](https://learn.bevry.me/node/install)

1. Fork the project and clone your fork - [guide](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

1. Setup the project for development

  ``` bash
  npm run our:setup
  ```


### Developing

1. Compile changes

	``` bash
	npm run our:compile
	```

1. Run tests

	``` bash
	npm test
	```


### Publishing

Follow these steps in order to implement your changes/improvements into your desired project:


#### Preparation

1. Make sure your changes are on their own branch that is branched off from master.
  1. You can do this by: `git checkout master; git checkout -b your-new-branch`
  1. And push the changes up by: `git push origin your-new-branch`

1. Ensure all tests pass:

  ``` bash
  npm test
  ```

  > If possible, add tests for your change, if you don't know how, mention this in your pull request

1. Ensure the project is ready for publishing:

  ```
  npm run our:release:prepare
  ```


#### Pull Request

To send your changes for the project owner to merge in:

1. Submit your pull request
  1. When submitting, if the original project has a `dev` or `integrate` branch, use that as the target branch for your pull request instead of the default `master`
  1. By submitting a pull request you agree for your changes to have the same license as the original plugin


#### Publish

To publish your changes as the project owner:

1. Switch to the master branch:

  ``` bash
  git checkout master
  ```

1. Merge in the changes of the feature branch (if applicable)

1. Increment the version number in the `package.json` file according to the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org) standard, that is:
  1. `x.0.0` MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes (note: DocPad plugins must use v2 as the major version, as v2 corresponds to the current DocPad v6.x releases)
  1. `x.y.0` MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner
  1. `x.y.z` PATCH version when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes

1. Add an entry to the changelog following the format of the previous entries, an example of this is:

  ``` markdown
  ## v6.29.0 2013 April 1
  - Progress on [issue #474](https://github.com/bevry/docpad/issues/474)
  - DocPad will now set permissions based on the process's ability
    - Thanks to [Avi Deitcher](https://github.com/deitch), [Stephan Lough](https://github.com/stephanlough) for [issue #165](https://github.com/bevry/docpad/issues/165)
  - Updated dependencies
  ```


1. Commit the changes with the commit title set to something like `v6.29.0. Bugfix. Improvement.` and commit description set to the changelog entry


1. Ensure the project is ready for publishing:

  ```
  npm run our:release:prepare
  ```

1. Prepare the release and publish it to npm and git:

  ``` bash
  npm run our:release
  ```

	> A prompt will occur asking you for a git tag annotation, enter the changelog entry that we created earlier, save and exit the prompt.
